water then today it will be a
cabba cake so it's that the
principle of chocolate mellow what
it's with karma so it's gone
while I 'm doing your oven at 180 °
this is understand a pan with your
carambar inside your butter and a
eastern guy you're going to put it to the bottom
on this means
next to that you take a container I
will put your anthem to your eyes
you will not need to whiten it
just stir it up
here is to add your flour and your
city ​​your the union that already at
interior
now here I'm going to wait
it's all up so here are my 40
bars melted we also want to take
my pans and I pour it directly
in the preparation
at
but no
I already like have quickly
to note that in a mold we missed it
buttered flour and or like me too
icon annoys you
here is my oven and hot
and go for 40 minutes
see you later, so here we go
you guys finished
it was on the occasion of Halloween
caramba sweets and we made up
for the occasion so it will be for this
evening and voili voilou so good evening
Hi Hi